What is GDB?
Ans: Its says that it is GNU Debugger.

What is GNU?
Ans:is an operating system and an extensive collection of computer software.

What is operating system?
Ans:An operating system (OS) is system software that manages computer hardware and software and provides common services for computer programs. 

What is the purpose of GDB?
Ans:GNU Debugger helps you in getting information about the following:
If a core dump happened, then what statement or expression did the program crash on? (Why did the crash happen)
If an error occurs while executing a function, what line of the program contains the call to that function, and what are the parameters? (?)
What are the values of program variables at a particular point during execution of the program?

What is a debugger?
Ans:A debugger is a program that runs other programs, allows the user to control over these programs, and to examine variables when problems arise (Look at the variables)

What are parameters?
Ans:Parameters identify values that are passed into a function. For example, a function to add three numbers might have three parameters. A function has a name, and it can be called from other points of a program. When that happens, the information passed is called an argument. Modern programming languages typically allow functions to have several parameters.

What is an argument?
Ans: It is the value of passing parameters of any function... 

/*user defined function*/ 
sum ( a,b) 

{ 
. 
. 

} 



When you are calling the function it would be 



sum(5,4)



a,b are the parameters and 5,4 are the arguments.. 

How does DGB debug?
GDB allows you to run the program up to a certain point, then stop and print out the values of certain variables at that point,  and print out the values of each variable after executing each line.
GDB uses a simple command line interface.

What is a core dump?
Ans:When a piece of code tries to do read and write operation in a read only location in memory , it is known as core dump.








